Updates required post review (#1)
cipherstash/cipherstash-aws-cdk-typescript: README.md

# CipherStash AWS CDK - TypeScript

> Documentation is location on the official [CipherStash docs](https://cipherstash.com/docs/how-to/customer-hosting).

Reviewer: The wording here is a bit off:
```suggestion
Documentation is located in the official [CipherStash docs](https://cipherstash.com/docs/how-to/customer-hosting).
```
